Last week, David Schwarz dropped a bomb, and I cannot believe how many people are ignoring just how bullish what David Schwarz said actually is for XRP. In this video, I want to break down a brand new statement by David Schwarz that, in my opinion, tells you a lot about some huge things going on in the background for Ripple and the digital asset XRP. I also want to speculate towards the end of the video what I believe some of those announcements are. Guys, there is a huge shift in the market and there are a lot of things Ripple is doing right now they aren't necessarily telling you about. Like always, your support means so much to this channel. Thank you everyone who takes the time to like these videos and subscribe to the channel. These two simple things really do help me out so much. Also, if you ever go to a good place to buy some XRP, make sure to check out my favorite uphold down in the description of this video. With that said, let's jump right into it. And I hope you guys enjoy the content. So, I want to start this video off and talk about some massive news that I can't believe so many people are ignoring right now. And this was a recent post by David Schwarz. Now, in my opinion, it's always so important to listen to people who are in the know. People like David Schwarz, Brad Garlinghouse, and other senior executives at Ripple see deals play out from their inception. Many times before we even know, Ripple might be working or talking with a specific counterparty. A lot of times, Ripple will be in testing phases and pilots with certain individuals and groups for what could be decades. I mean, Ripple started talking to the Federal Reserve as early as 2013. A lot of these huge institutional counterparts, right? They have massive trillion dollar businesses. And because of that, it takes a really long time to upgrade technology, and they want to do a lot of testing and really get to know the teams they're going to be working on. Ripple has been working with a lot of banks, a lot of central banks, governments, and large financial institutions for a very long time, but we don't always necessarily see those partnerships show up in the headlines. And the reason for that is actually pretty simple. Ripple's not so worried about pumping the price of XRP right now. It's not something that's necessarily top of mind for them. It's much more important to build real relationships and partnerships with the people they're working on so that they can trust each other moving forward. Bank of America was working with Ripple and they didn't want all their competitors to know that they were working with Ripple. Ripple is not going to make an announcement and say, "Hey, we're working with Bank of America simply to pump the price of XRP." Doesn't make any sense for them. They would rather earn the trust of someone like Bank of America or any of these other governments. So that these governments know that there's a good relationship working with them moving forward. So Ripple has always taken a bit of a different view than the rest of the cryptocurrency industry. The rest of the cryptocurrency industry is really focused on hype and speculation. And because of that, they're always rushing to get out a lot of these big announcements, but Ripple tends to sit back and actually focusing on delivering real world value in products that will work and then letting the market know about it later. Now, just last week, David Schwarz put out a very interesting post that I think really shows how much is really going on behind in the background. David Schwarz put out in a post that he believes that the XRP ledger and XRP is positioned to serve as critical infrastructure for the world financial system connecting assets, markets, and participants seamlessly across borders. Now I think this is a very bold and important statement to be coming out of David Schwarz because we know in the early days of Ripple there's a lot of statements the Ripple team made Brad Garlinghouse David Schwarz about how XRP could one day become a global reserve settlement currency and these were big ambitions in the very early days and who knows how things have played out since then right obviously we see the success of the XRP ledger we see the success of Ripple's partnerships that they make public but for David Schwarz to be saying this today lets me know that there is a ton of momentum and likely a lot of things we're not necessarily seeing. It's one thing to say that the XRP ledger is getting a lot of great adoption is going to be more and more critical in the future, but to say that he believes that the XRP ledger is well positioned to be a global critical piece of settlement infrastructure that is on a whole another level. And in my opinion, it goes back to something that I believe has been in the works for a very, very long time and something that we don't necessarily see publicly. Once in a while, we hear glimpses of it, but we don't necessarily have it directly being told to us by Ripple or any other various crypto news agencies. It's important to realize, and it's going to make more sense when I show you what I'm talking about, that there's a reason for this. Central banks working with Ripple don't care what retail think. Large corporations working with Ripple don't care what retail think. They're focused on something that the entire cryptocurrency industry has really failed to deliver thus far outside of Ripple. And that's real world application for this technology to make their existing product set and product stack better than it is today. While the rest of the cryptocurrency industry, like I talked about before, focuses on speculation, Ripple is focused on building real world products, understanding that these are the things that will ultimately drive price appreciation, speculation, and a deep network effective utility over the long run. But I wanted to share with you this clip. This is James Wallace and he runs the CBDC platform at Ripple. And I just want you to listen to how he's talking about the CBDC projects that Ripple currently has underway. This is an older video, but he's going to say some very important things here that are going to let you know that the things I talked about earlier in terms of Ripple purposely holding out information, Ripple having deep connections with these large institutional partnerships, governments, and private banks. Let you know that these things are all really happening. Even though Ripple isn't marketing this, if you listen to enough interviews at Ripple and you listen to enough things people like David Schwarz are saying, it becomes painfully obvious that these things are happening, they just might not want you to know about it yet. Listen up to this. Which central banks in which countries are you working on? We're working with many of them. You know, they they're mostly under non-disclosure agreements. So, right there you get two critical pieces of information. He says right there, "They are working with many central banks." And this is an older video, right? Central banks are not moving around their partnerships every single day. No, they are finding people they can trust and work with. He then goes on to say that most of them are under non-disclosure agreements. Once again, proving what we are talking about before. Ripple has a vast array of these very interesting, extremely large partnerships. Most central banks are not technology providers. They're not coders. They don't work on developing new layers of financial infrastructure. Instead, they're going to rely on people like Ripple to do it. What Ripple is doing is working with these people in the very early stages to make sure that they can build out a product that is going to work for them. And that way, there's not going to be a lot of competition. While the rest of the cryptocurrency industry is focusing on things that these central banks likely aren't going to care about, Ripple has been working with them, signing NDAs, and figuring out their needs since day one. And you heard right there from James Walls himself that they are working with many central banks. There's actually another clip of James Walls where he specifically says up to 26 central banks and that was about a year ago. Imagine how many more they've brought on today. Imagine how many more big ones that he simply just hasn't made public in any of these different conversations. The truth of the matter is is Ripple has been working with people like the IMF and the ECB as early as 2015. These are some of the bigger powerhouses in the entire global financial system. And do you think it's just a random coincidence that they're all choosing to Ripple? Or do you think it's a random coincidence that Ripple just seems to have all these different people from all these different boards from all these different large financial conglomerates working at their company? In my opinion, it doesn't make sense that the rest of the cryptocurrency industry doesn't have these people. And Ripple is the one company that does. Makes it painfully obvious to me that a lot of these partnerships are deep in the works. And it's just one of those things where these this global transformation is not something that's necessarily going to happen with the flip of a finger or a flip of a switch. Instead, Ripple has to make sure that these products are ready for prime time. It's all about building trust and relationships with these central banks and large conglomerates to make sure that when it's go time, these products are ready. It could never be more obvious to me that Ripple has a strategic advantage on the rest of the industry that no one else has. And that is that Ripple is an extremely reputable company doing things the right way. They weren't screaming down with the banks and we're going to replace all this infrastructure and we're going to completely get rid of all these legacy people in the financial system. Ripple knew the most important thing. The legacy players are always going to have trillions of dollars of assets, and it's not Ripple's job to steal those assets or create new assets. It's Ripple's job to create a seamless bridge to move those assets into the decentralized economy. So by Ripple providing software solutions and a team of experts that can actually work with these financial institutions to deliver on what they need, Ripple can help these financial institutions move their infrastructure and move their assets over to the XRP ledger, making it so that they are onboarded into a new space age financial system without these different central banks or large governments even having to know anything about the blockchain technology itself because most of them are not going to be experts here. Ripple and the crypto providers are always going to be the experts. They're just providing the infrastructure to allow this change to happen. And off the backs of that, I want to go back to this quote by David Schwarz where he says he believes that the XRP ledger can serve as critical infrastructure for the world's financial system. This right here, oh, and I'm sorry, not can, is well positioned to serve as critical infrastructure for the world's financial system. The XRP ledger is well positioned to serve as critical infrastructure for the world's financial system. There are clearly a lot of things going on behind the scenes that we're not necessarily privy to. James Wallace says directly that they have a lot of NDA signed with a lot of big central banks that we're not allowed to know about. I think people need to understand that we're very early to this transformation, but Ripple is even earlier and they have been building trust with the people who matter since day one. Guys, sometimes it's most important just to sit back, let things play out, and understand that when it comes to this new gamechanging technology that's going to revolutionize the entire financial system, there's no one in a better place than Ripple and the XRP ledger. Thank you so much for coming. I hope you enjoyed this update. And for now, pick a [Music]